FORGOTTEN INDUSTRIES

01. (PANG).

italics

carefully written line about mindfullness/grounding/and daring to be brave.

always tell the truth and you shall be untouchable.

thats been my modus operandi throughout my return to higher education. In 2019, we are towards the end of the worst of the first worst wave of COVID-19 pandemic. i'm just about to turn 30 years old. I had been less than a year sober from alcohol following my pentultimate rock bottom, make it or break it decison arc. 2014 to 2018/19 ish is mostly unknown to me, and, to be clear, my own personal story of recovery is not the focus of this archive. its explicitly nessecary background to what comes next.

(What happens to the things that we have left behind?)
(Is anything ever truly Lost?)
(What remains, and what will be left of them?)

Forgotten Industries is the collective body of work of Matthew T. Marx, Established in 2014 after the unexpected death of my  Father, Eric Hugh Marx, on January 10th, 2014. My Grandmother, Marjorie Marx, passed away weeks after in that frigid spring of 2014. My father, he had nothing. Straddled with substance use disorder (alcoholism) that eventually left him diagnosed with warneckie korskive which contributed to the opiate overdose that is to be his presumed cause of death. My grandparents estate leap froged my dead dad and I found myself sitting on half a million dollars in my early twenties.

((Have you ever blacked out from overconsumption?)

((That is the best way I can surmise to try and explain what happened to me next.
Except I didn't lose a night.
I lost four years.

Post a 30 day inpatient and the support and love and guidance of my brtoher in soul, Alex, I found myself through and out the other side of my disease. It's been well over a decade since I've had a drink. I don't keep track.

So, COVID-19. Yeah.

I'm working a methadone and suboxone treatmetn center for people with opiate use disorder in chicagoland, very much thanks to alex's connections in the recovery community in the area and my newfound interest in the subject, having very recently begun to undertand my own.

Covid again. Two of the three counselors I worked with died.

I lost my job.

Returned to Starbucks as a Plan D fallback. I was not happy.
I made coffe part time for the next four years, transfered stores and moved in with my fucking mom and stepdad in wichita kansas, away from every friend and thing i've ev er known so that i could have a safe and comptabile environment to pound out the undergraduate degree I'd never gotten.

May 2024. I graduate from ASU with a B.S. in Biological (Biomedical) Sciences. I have a minor in Philsophy with a focus on medical ethics. I graduate with a 3.44 sGpa, Cum Laude, at the age of 34. I walk the stage in Arizona with my mother present. She asked. I was happy to oblige, this time around.

I decided before the degree choice that if I was going to try and go back to school now, like holly shit i'm almost 30 and have nothing, i might as well shoot as high as possible. I didn't know what else to do, still so young out of recovery. I just know I wanted to be better than I was. How do I improve? I have always been smart, but had nothing to show for it yet. I thrived under pressure.

Doctor?
Can I be a fucking DOCTOR?

Well, turns out, yes. Yes I could. I was accepted to KUMC KU univeristy of medicine MD program class of 2029 at the age of thirdy fucking four. Holy shit. My class was mostly 22 year olds.

What came then?

Well.

Perspective.

Peregrine.

and Pang.